Add EmitEvent to Logs API (#4259)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: CHANGELOG.md

- Simplify the name "Logs Instrumentation API" to just "Logs API".
  ([#4258](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/pull/4258))

> - Move the `EventProvider` and `EventLogger` into to the `LoggerProvider` and `Logger`.

Reviewer: Maybe something like

```suggestion
- Move the `EventProvider` and `EventLogger` into to the `LoggerProvider` and `Logger`.
  Rename Logs Bridge API to Logs API. Define Log Bridge and Log Instrumentation operations.
```

- Introduce initial placeholder for the new user-facing Logs API, adding references
  to existing API's informing of the coming changes while the definition is defined.
  ([#4236](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/pull/4236))

> - Renamed Log Bridge API to Logs API. Defined the existing Logger methods to be
>   Log Bridge Operations. Added EmitEvent to the Logger as an Instrumentation Operation.

Reviewer: We tend to use Present Simple tense in the changelog. 

```suggestion
- Rename Log Bridge API to Logs API. Define the existing Logger methods to be
  Log Bridge Operations. Add EmitEvent to the Logger as an Instrumentation Operation.
```
